yeah oh that was a great goal that was a
really great go let me go this again
yeah yeah great echo what's good TV
Katie - boy chili coming back at you
guys with another video on all they go
for a long time my fault about that I
mean you know maybe I don't know but
today probably you got that stuff you
can see right now I know everybody's
going through quarantine and like
calling a virus at all I hate this one
you think what's wrong because I hate
this one - so today I'm how to do things
you could do dirty quarantine and you
know if you stuck the currency in your
board do these things right here and you
know things to do I'll definitely do a
part two to this video oscillate I'll do
a part two to this video so before we
start this video go comment like
subscribe
yeah so the first thing you could do
while being stuck in the house during
quarantine is to create tic TOCs
cuz you know why there's nothing more to
life than Korean tech sucks you know
you're Bobby Tex are famous soon so you
might as well create a tech-talkin that
why you got the chance
so the next thing you could do is you
know watch movies and binge watch TV
shows because you know live cuz you got
all the time in the world to watch
movies now and plus you could make your
own movie theater at home you must have
a movie theater outside we gotta pay for
food outs with some popcorn and plus you
see this guy right here look at him he
has no life no life whatsoever
now that is quarantine he has no legs so
again just watch some movies enough hey
meet me talking you better you better be
quiet because I know I have a life you
have no life man be quiet I saw
something I wanna feel you for the third
thing you could do is just sit there
think about life because you have
nowhere to go now
five days in here out of those days this
is just one day does manning's make
instruments cuz I think mayonnaise make
instruments we could find that out
our birthday really comes once every
year so another thing you could do is
just you know write a letter to your
crush cuz you know you may never know
what's the next time you gonna see her
so you might as well tell her how you
feel right now it's you to shine through
me
you look bad good can I get them digits
please another thing you could do is
just work out at home cuz you know all
the gyms are closed you need to lose
that way fill me get that weight loss
yeah don't work out whatever you do now
we go
youko also sing in the shower cuz you
know what
it's quarantine just do it and yes I do
really shower in my clothes or what kind
of what kind of person you think
Charlotte no clothes on well they have a
DB gain those are some things you could
do during quarantine when you're in the
house by yourself and you can't go
outside
hopefully this coronavirus thing is
and you know if you know if we go
outside you know I'm going it's for real
I'm gonna take so let me know what you
want to do late great pop smoke said you
wanna do but I hope you guys enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up smash the like
button you know go subscribe go holler
at your boy you know go follow me on -
the rims and all and I'll see you guys
and a nice oh I I'll see you guys in the
next video
love y'all
[Music]